all professions are needed all professions are important
but so no less at different stages of history
some became more honorable and
prestigious
others, on the contrary, also changed true
female and male professions easy summer
to drive something out can a girl become
young and young tankmen with a husband
tankman need to learn the general device
Tank driving rules
well learn to start the engine and
starting off is the first lesson
which I study, that is, passes white
preparatory exercise
the second third fourth
push exercise where they
Improve your driving skills in
late do not come at the expense of exercises
where get class
driver class 3 practice you
can proceed after 12 hours and so
first should do the signal then
press the button mzhm engine is created
pressure on the cottage satisfied ged served
engine masks to engine
run this lever
left turn that's the lever right
turning there is this backstage
gear shift push button
engine start of which the car went
put a neutral gear
treatment literally 10-15 minutes you already
will be prepared to perform the exercise
by combat vehicle
tell me here you go computer this too
simulator can be more
using these monitors can
control the student's actions
errors which makes accordingly
lead the learning process
directly through this monitor
back and tell me why it's connecting to
intercom tank you
are in the management department
simulator then 172 so that we with
you could communicate through communication
you need to connect to your chest
a switch for this behind you
tangent is tangenta connected
here
result
items
Erika Iron Ribbon Home Beauty
girls it is correct gubkina crucian that
when is the first time here .
but it must be yours no no no it and
should be okay so so so differently
so ok brake press try judge
on need some kind of yard to brake so
somewhere there are these buttons wounds further here
one so it is it we will transfer 1 2
get under way with the second step 2
but I will say for the first time more than
excellent more than excellent i think in
further, you would have been excellent
driver mechanic
so tankman driving a car you
there will be no problems thank you say
were on your practice girls who
also in 1 unfortunately we have girls not
occupy positions of mechanics-drivers
you as therefore we cook only boys
and you are probably the first girl we have
at least at our training center
which sat down by the levers of it only
here you understand how powerful this tank is
t-72b bring dirt
overclock of 160 kilometers per hour on my
their experience checked that expensive dirt
and snow does not cook
we girls are not afraid of tank